README.md, before:

# python_space_shooter
A GUI application (a game) in Python 3.  

## Microsoft Windows 11/10
Install Python 3.13 by executing "python-3.13.0-amd64.exe" in Microsoft Windows.  
  
Library for creating the applications with a GUI: Pillow.  
File "pillow-11.0.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl" downloaded for Microsoft Windows from
https://pypi.org/project/pillow/#files  
  
Command to execute in the terminal to install the Pillow library:
```
pip install pillow-11.0.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl
```

![Png](https://i.ibb.co/GQjJTFQ7/Immagine-2025-08-12-000139.png)

## deepin (linux, Debian)

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade

python3 --version

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/pip/3.7/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo python3 get-pip.py

sudo apt-get install python3-tk

sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade

# only if necessary
sudo apt autoremove

# only if necessary
sudo apt remove python3-pil
sudo apt purge python3-pil
sudo apt autoremove

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo pip3 install Pillow

python3 python_space_shooter.py
```

## Debian 12 (linux)

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade

python3 --version

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo apt install python3-full

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/pip/3.7/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo apt-get install python3-tk

sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade

# only if necessary
sudo apt autoremove
sudo apt remove python3-pil
sudo apt purge python3-pil
sudo apt autoremove

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo pip3 install Pillow

python3 python_space_shooter.py

# if it doesn't work on Debian
sudo apt update
sudo apt install python3-pil
sudo apt install python3-pil.imagetk

python3 python_space_shooter.py
```

---------------------

Commit message:

v0.11c Improve low graphics detail for asteroids, powerups, and effects
Enhanced the visual appearance of asteroids, powerups, and rocket flames in 'low' graphics mode with more detailed vector graphics and effects. Refactored projectile and asteroid classes to track and properly destroy all visual elements. Updated projectile management in the main game loop to use new destroy methods, preventing visual artifacts. Improved README with clearer installation instructions and added a project image.

README.md, after:

# Python Space Shooter
A GUI application (a game) in Python 3.  

![Png](https://i.ibb.co/GQjJTFQ7/Immagine-2025-08-12-000139.png)

---

## 💻 Requirements Installation

### Microsoft Windows 11/10  
Install Python 3.13 by executing "python-3.13.0-amd64.exe" in Microsoft Windows.  
  
Library for creating the applications with a GUI: Pillow.  
File "pillow-11.0.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl" downloaded for Microsoft Windows from
https://pypi.org/project/pillow/#files  
  
Command to execute in the terminal to install the Pillow library:
```
pip install pillow-11.0.0-cp313-cp313-win_amd64.whl
```

Open the terminal (PowerShell or CMD) in the project folder and run:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Make sure Python 3 is installed and `pip` is in your PATH.  
If you have multiple Python versions:

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
---

### deepin (linux, Debian)

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade

python3 --version

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/pip/3.7/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo python3 get-pip.py

sudo apt-get install python3-tk

sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade

# only if necessary
sudo apt autoremove

# only if necessary
sudo apt remove python3-pil
sudo apt purge python3-pil
sudo apt autoremove

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo pip3 install Pillow

python3 python_space_shooter.py
```
---

### Debian 12 (linux)

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade

python3 --version

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo apt install python3-full

curl https://bootstrap.pypa.io/pip/3.7/get-pip.py -o get-pip.py

sudo apt-get install python3-tk

sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade

# only if necessary
sudo apt autoremove
sudo apt remove python3-pil
sudo apt purge python3-pil
sudo apt autoremove

sudo apt install python3-pip

sudo pip3 install Pillow

python3 python_space_shooter.py

# if it doesn't work on Debian
sudo apt update
sudo apt install python3-pil
sudo apt install python3-pil.imagetk

python3 python_space_shooter.py
```

---------------------
